Gork Morpork
============
Orc Police Deputy.
Athletic but dimwitted.

 Plot Reason:
 1. Introduce orc society and motivations.
 2. Give insight into how StuffForFree thinks (likes to stay invisible)
 3. Draw up a picture of the aminalistic behaviors in man
Plot twist:
 1. Wins sports tournament and is through that given a raise in society (meritocracy).
 2. Encounters two situations that are exactly the same but with an orc in one case, and goblin in the other.
Brainstorm
 * Orcs don't consume food or oxygen through breathing, they get both from nutrient slime.
 * Orcs do manual labor and policing, and goblins to high tech or intellectual jobs and are higher payed.
 * Singularity spacecraft is running four different social experiments with the orcs and goblins. In seperate
corners of the spaceship, with no trade in between. (controlled experiments) 
 * Some competitions and stuff between each other to fuel in group bias


Gork woke up grumpy, quickly sits up in his slime pot, to have a look around the nourishing chamber.
 most of the slime pots he sees are empty, and he sees Umbar running for the rinsing station. Umbar pulls
 the lever, smiles and looks over to Gork and says the equivalent of "Ahahaha enjoy cleaning the slime puddles Mork".

  *Most of the sounds in the orc language is in the frequency range of a human ear, but since they have no resperatory
their communication uses alot of body language and sounds. The do have an empty chamber in what would be the neck of a human,
that's where their more advanced sounds are. But you'll be surprised how far varying noise levels of screaming and beating your
chest will get you in orc society*

Gork gets out of bed. He feels like being slime cleaner has been falling alot on him lately. But he has been doing well
in "The games", he is top behind the current leader Nahgar. His boss doesn't like him very much but he heard boss boss bet
on him in the last brawl and boss boss boss even said his name once. He thinks he has a good chance of winning this
big cycle tournament, and then boss boss boss would surely choose him for becoming leutenant. Becoming leutenant doesn't
mean you get another implant, but you get your first grunt to command, finally become a boss.

After washing the slime he joins the rest of the guys in the gym, the gu
￼
25:17 / 1:30:41
